yo yo yo what's up world bus like a
flare Whizzer here with the minecraft
1.7.2 heck client a Zuni hey I went to
the market clancer is a download link in
the description so if you feel like a
head on over to wizard hacks calm and
download this boy alright so here it is
one of your favorite clients that has
Unni hat client put together by how has
been updated to 1.7.2 and this is a one
clean sexy and sleek client all kinds of
great mods and toggles and value
switches included in this puppy
something very unique that I think is
really cool cuz I like to use the new
here is some of the adjustment values
for the new clear you traditionally
don't see that so naive oh yeah two
tackles yeah there's a nice theme aru
ski switcher all kinds of good stuff
going on how went hanging warm this one
great client make sure to show it some
love let's try to get this puppy up in
that top ah once again make sure to
check out with your next icon for theme
was completely covers a collection of
minecraft necklines in the world that
wizard hex a cup and is out easy appeal
down
[Music]
you